Okay.
Welcome to the next section of the course and to our new user story.
Let's go ahead and read it together.
As a user, I'd like to have my primary and secondary actions suggested to me so that I know what steps
I can take on the website.
So on this next slide, I'll show you the Google Careers website, or at least the landing page.
And you'll notice there's two primary ways that this website wants us to interact with it.
We have our sign in button on the top right corner, and that is a button.
And then we have this form where we can search for a role as well as a location, and then click the
search button.
So immediately you'll notice that there is a different type of button that we have for the search,
and you'll notice that it's different in many different ways.
First up, it has a totally different piece of text inside it.
And that's important because in our current code, our action button component, hard codes, the text
sign in.
So it's not dynamic enough to support any text that we want such as search.
But beyond just text, we obviously have the big visual differences between these two buttons.
The one in the top right has a blue background and a white font while the search button has a white
background and a blue font.
Right.
So there's differences and aesthetics and these buttons communicate kind of the actions that the user
can take on the website.
So in order to be able to support both of these actions, and I would argue that the sign in is the
primary action, it's kind of a lot bolder and more prominent on this page.
And the search button is the secondary action.
It's the second thing that Google wants us to do in order to support those visual distinctions.
What we basically need to do for this user story is to create a new type of button and do it in such
a way that we add dynamism or dynamic content to our existing button.
So as an example that we just talked about, we don't want to hard code the text sign in.
We want to be able to dynamically generate some kind of text.
Obviously, we could create another button where we hard code the text search.
But as, as hopefully you're starting to figure out right now that isn't really sustainable.
We don't want to build a new button each time we have a different text.
We want to find a way to use view features to make a button more flexible, to serve multiple use cases.
So coming back to our user story as a user, I'd like to have my primary and secondary actions suggested
to me so that I know what steps I can take on the website.
Most user actions are going to be in the form of the user navigating someone with a button.
So what we're going to be building out here is these two types of buttons.
One of them, of course, is already built out.
We have an example of that on the left.
But what we're going to be building out is the buttons on the right hand side, and that will allow
us to actually introduce a lot more new viewer view concepts.
It's not just going to be a refresher on what we already learned.
We are going to learn a lot of new view ideas simply by expanding upon our existing action button.
One additional detail you'll notice here is what happens on Hover for our existing button, our sign
in button.
When we hover, we just get that little box shadow around it.
In comparison, when we hover over this search button, we see that the styles invert, the background
becomes blue and the text becomes white.
And in addition to that, you'll notice that the blue hover background on the search button is a different
blue compared to the sign in button that we currently have.
So we're going to see how we can add that kind of dynamism to our view components and also talk about
all kinds of view concepts, tailwind concepts, etc..
So this is what we're trying to tackle and it's going to pave the way for us to keep building our form
where the user user is going to be able to search for their jobs.
All right.
Lots of fun stuff to cover in this section.
So I will see you in the next lesson.